changelog: prepare for 1.1.1 (#44)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-kernel-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.1.1 (2025-02-10)

## Build Changes

>  * Fix the 5.15 kernel spec file to extract from the SRPM ([#43])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fix the kernel-5.15 spec file to apply patches extracted from the SRPM ([#43])
```

>  * Fix the kernel-5.15 spec file to apply patches extracted from the SRPM ([#43])

Reviewer: We should add a line here for #36

Reviewer 2: Also a line with:

```
* Fail kernel builds on mismatches between the applied patches and patches found in the SRPM 
```
